# SmartScribe SWE Intern Code Challenge

- **Stage I**: Focuses on fixing some existing bugs.
- I resolved these bugs by utilizing the clearInterval function to stop the timer. Before, the interval was allowed to run indefinitely, though the time would be reset to 0 when stopping. To address the download status updating, I used a variable in the App.tsx to track the status of a download, as well as creating a UI element to display this information.
- **Stage II**: Aims at improving the user experience based on given criteria and using browser media APIs.
- I added some state variables for the micPermissions and logic to prevent the "Start recording" button fron being visible until those state variables have changed. The Download button also needed additional logic to receive the recordingName rather than simply using hardcoded values. I made sure to catch the scenario that someone deletes the recordingName mid-recording by having a default name, "name_error" for the case there is no name provided when the user clicks the download button.
- **Stage III**: Involves implementing a new feature related to audio upload and transcription simulation.
- For this, I added a new UI element for uploading (a blue button, to keep the UI similar to the green Download button. I changed the "Start Recording" button to use a neutral dark color, and allowed it to use the existing App.css code that managed hovering over buttons because I liked the purple outline color.) The handleUpload function has been implemented, and the UI now displays whether the upload failed or succeeded in the simulation. The "transcript" appears below the status of the upload, when it has succeeded. It additionally prints out the size of the upload. The color of the status message depends on whether it has succeeded or failed. The blue Upload button changes text to "Uploading..." when it is processing the upload.  
- **BONUS Stage IV**: (Optional) Enhances the application by providing visual feedback on microphone input volume.
- Once again, I added a state variable to keep track of the volume levels. I grabbed a function to help me display the volume level appropriately, because several other solutions (grabbing the average volume across all bins, or taking the maximum of the bins) caused the volume levels to look to low, or too high, respectively. This solution centers the volume levels around 50% more often, which is far more visually responsive and makes more sense.
- For fun, I added a "Contact us" link back to the SmartScribe website. 

